[Music]
a simple trick that will teach you how
to save money if only I could stop
spending money on stuff I don't need I
would buy so many useful things have you
ever thought this then this video is
just for you there is a simple and
efficient way to save money and as a
bonus we'll show you the worst places to
hide your emergency cash rule number one
zero out your money every evening it's
pretty easy you have to zero out the
unspent money every evening for instance
you decided to zero out two one zero in
the evening you have five hundred and
thirty two dollars in cash two thousand
four hundred and twenty five dollars
available on your bank card what you
should do
subtract the last digit from each number
to get a zero at the end it's easier to
zero out cash into a piggy bank and you
may use a savings account or any other
bank account to transfer the money from
your card for example five hundred and
thirty two dollars minus 2 dollars
equals five hundred and thirty dollars
two thousand four hundred and twenty
five dollars minus five dollars equals
dollars you may also zero out two more
zeros for example two to five hundred
and thirty-two dollars minus thirty-two
dollars equals five hundred dollars two
thousand four hundred and twenty five
dollars minus twenty five dollars equals
two thousand four hundred dollars
rule number two move any unspent money
to your saving account save everything
that's left over before payday zero out
one more time at the end of the month
for instance you still have three
hundred dollars in cash and one thousand
dollars in the bank just move it to your
savings account what are the advantages
of this simple method here they are you
know how much money you have every
morning and it's always a round number
you start to control your spendings
and stop buying crap most importantly
you actually
save money and finally here's our bonus
the 8 worst places to hide your cash
people have many reasons why they don't
use a bank and instead hide their cash
at home are you one of those who keep
their emergency savings under the
mattress if you are we want to warn you
that keeping money stashed around the
house is not always safe 1 in the
backyard
burying your cash in the backyard is not
a good idea for three simple reasons
your neighbor might see you hiding it if
your pet loves digging holes it can
easily find your money buried in the
ground your rainy day fund may be ruined
by rain - under your mattress
although hiding your dollars under the
mattress has become a classic don't
think that keeping your cash there is a
good idea just because you sleep on it
when you're not at home it'll be the
first place for thieves to check 3 in
shopping bags even if thieves don't look
for your savings and random shopping
bags they might need them to carry the
stuff they stole and you don't want to
give them another pleasant surprise
right for in old wallets and handbags
don't put your emergency cash in your
old wallets and handbags even if you
don't use them anymore it doesn't mean
they are a good place to keep the money
5 in laundry baskets you might think
it's a good idea to keep your money in
the basket for dirty clothes an object
that no one would want to touch
however thieves use those baskets to
transport stolen objects so sometimes a
laundry basket is exactly what they need
6 behind a picture or photo in a frame
another classic thieves watch the same
movies as the rest of us and they won't
hesitate to check such sneaky places
even if it means breaking your most
precious memories 7 and safes that are
not bolted down it doesn't matter if
it's small or large your safe is useless
if the thieves can carry it it's a good
idea to bolt your safe down so that it
is difficult to move and carry a wall a
floor
even a piece of furniture will do fine
[Music]
eight in drawers and cabinets
neither drawers nor closed cabinets are
safe to keep your money in thieves often
have screwdrivers and crowbars with them
so close pieces of furniture are among
the places they check first if you feel
like you have run out of places to hide
your money try the following suggestions
wrap your money in a plastic bag and
tape it to the bottom of the kitchen
counter pour it to the bottom of your
kids toy box the best option is to
create a false bottom in it in a
waterproof containers stored in the
lowest drawer of your refrigerator or
freezer make sure it doesn't read ice
cream or something else yummy thieves
might want to try hide your savings
among buttons threads and other sewing
accessories unless the if suddenly need
to sew something they most probably
won't look for your money in there in a
pair of old shoes clothes or maybe in an
old computer that no longer works make
sure it all looks like junk you have not
disposed of yet so are you saving money
for anything important let us know in
the comments what you're saving up for
don't forget to share this video with
your friends to help them spend money
wisely hit the like button below if you
want to see more videos on a similar
topic